Try to more explicit state SEPA only for bank transfers (#50)
geany/www.geany.org: page_content/about/donate.md

If you want to donate money to the Geany project, it will be used to support further development of Geany, to pay running costs for hosting and domains and support presenting Geany on various [Open Source Conferences][5].

There are different options to donate, including bank transfer and Liberapay.

> Bank transfer to the [Geany e.V.][8] account (only SEPA / Europe) is the preferred way for donating money as the money is transferred directly without a third party involved and additional fees can be avoided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bank transfer to the [Geany e.V.][8] account is the preferred way for donating money as the money is transferred directly without a third party involved and additional fees can be avoided.
Please note bank transfers are only possible if your bank participates in [SEPA][10], usually this applies to banks in most European countries.
```

To me, this is clearer. What do you think?
`[SEPA][10]` should be a reference to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Euro_Payments_Area and need to be added at the bottom.

Author: Yes, should make the trick.

Reviewer: Do you mind changing it? :D

Author: Just saw the comment -- github is just way to noisy by default. Will update it next chance.
